Docsp 26803 adding wildcard code example (#405)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/indexes.txt

.. driver-content-end

Wildcard Indexes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _wildcard-indexes:

> Wildcard indexes enable queries against unknown or arbitrary fields. 

Reviewer: This isn't passive voice...?

> Wildcard indexes enable queries against unknown or arbitrary fields. 

Reviewer 2: You're right, thanks for the correction!

> These indexes can be beneficial if you are using a dynamic schema.

Reviewer: Also not passive voice

> These indexes can be beneficial if you are using a dynamic schema.

Reviewer 2: You're right, thanks for the correction!

> The following example creates an ascending wildcard index on all 
> values of the ``location`` field, including values nested in subdocuments and arrays:

Reviewer 2: Issue:

I could be wrong, but I think the terminology is usually used when creating an index is to specify that it is on the field rather than the value. For example, see the headings on the [createIndex](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/db.collection.createIndex/#examples) Server Manual page. Each of the headings mentions "Create an Index on... Field". The action MongoDB takes is to index the values for the fields.

Suggestion:

```suggestion
The following code example shows how you can create an ascending
wildcard index to instruct MongoDB to index values of the \`\`location\`\`
field, and all values nested in subdocuments and arrays:
```
